today I'm providing medical cover I'm on
reservists and I'm also a gunner on the
challenge to tank a challenger 2 tanks
the main battle tank of British Army
reservists are taking a much bigger role
firing downrange the firing is taking
place from a static position hopefully
they'll get some good shooting on static
targets today providing medical cover
for the the ranges we're essentially
here is a sort of Rapid Reaction medical
cover with them something does happen we
can get downrange as quickly as possible
and sort out any issues or casualties
that we've got down there
I'm a vicar for the regiment I'm a
reservists so I am a writer and I'm a
mum in my other life I think the army
expose you to so many adventurous
opportunities the leadership skills are
amazing and we're going to take that
with me wherever I go from here I'm
really thrilled the opportunities it's
given me
today we're live firing with the charity
main battle tank we now the first time
got reservist actually commanding these
vehicles but the first time you fire
your first live round after tank is
quite an experience up until a point
you've been trading on simulators you've
been practicing but the first time you
actually fire the first live round is
quite a milestone for most of soldiers
I say the Army Reserve is definitely a
way to go it's great it is genuinely
great fun you can sort of like choose
your own career path and say well you
know I want to be a gunner pursue that
little bit makes all sort of you stay up
to date but then you can volunteer to go
off with other regiments to like you
know exercises I've done Kenya with free
rifles and you get loads of skills out
of it that you wouldn't really get been
city street having the opportunity to
commander challenge team main battle
tank in my spare time is without doubt
the best job I've ever has being a
reserve and also having a career outside
of the reserves there are many things
that I can take to my civilian employer
which are very useful skills it's been a
massive learning curve and a very
worthwhile activity
you